thank you for watching liking commenting
sharing and subscribing right now
Brandon 14t in the chat room and I don't
think that's his real name I can you
even get numbers in your legal name
officially I don't know either way he
asked if I was excited about black
friday and i gotta tell you i happen to
be reporting this video on a saturday
and i was out earlier today picking up
some supplies running errands and the
parking lot was full now granted this is
about a week or so before black friday
and things are just packed I mean the
sales really haven't even started yet I
couldn't even find a parking spot well I
did eventually find one but it was
difficult to find that parking spot so
I'm excited for black friday because of
all the specials and you probably should
be excited about it too because even if
you're not someone who enjoys the
holiday season at least you know you can
save money around this time of year and
I am one who is of the mindset where
it's easier to play out black friday
online much like cyber monday yes that
is a real term you might have known that
for the past few years I've posted Black
Friday and Cyber Monday coupons on my
blog at chris pirillo com of course we
have coupons Lockergnome calm as well
and even if you're going to be buying
through those vendors anyway online
we'll have the updated coupons right
there on my blog easy to get to chris
pirillo com and you know if you're going
to buy from somewhere else anyway if you
come through me then the community it's
a little bit of support that's nice so
again I do have black friday coupons
posted coupons Lockergnome calm and
chris pirillo com I'm excited about
black friday because I am going to save
a bit of money on the things that I need
to buy anyway
pinky's not very excited obviously about
black friday are you